:memo: Merge and simplify TLS examples (#806)
traefik/traefik-helm-chart: EXAMPLES.md

- "--experimental.plugins.bouncer.version=v1.1.9"
```

> # Use Traefik native Let's Encrypt Integration, without cert-manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use Traefik native Let's Encrypt integration, without cert-manager
```

> This example is with CloudFlare, see here for other providers.

Reviewer: `see here` - I think we need to add a link here? 😄

Author: Yes, I added it.

> In Traefik Proxy, ACME certificates are stored in a JSON file that needs to have a

Reviewer: I would change that to:
In Traefik Proxy, ACME certificates are stored in a JSON file.
This file needs to have `0600` permissions, meaning, only the owner of the file has full read and write access to it.

By default, Kubernetes recursively changes ownership and
permissions for the content of each volume.
An initContainer is used to avoid an issue on this sensitive file.

Author: Is this better now ?

Reviewer: Yes, perfect!

- "--experimental.plugins.bouncer.version=v1.1.9"
```

# Use Traefik native Let's Encrypt integration, without cert-manager

In Traefik Proxy, ACME certificates are stored in a JSON file.

> This file needs to have 0600 permissions, meaning, only the owner of
> the file has full read and write access to it.
> By default, Kubernetes recursively changes ownership and
> permissions for the content of each volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This file needs to have 0600 permissions, meaning, only the owner of the file has full read and write access to it.
By default, Kubernetes recursively changes ownership and permissions for the content of each volume.
```

      secretKeyRef:
        name: yyy
        key: zzz
deployment:
  initContainers:
    - name: volume-permissions
      image: busybox:latest
      command: ["sh", "-c", "touch /data/acme.json; chmod -v 600 /data/acme.json"]
```

> It needs a CloudFlare token in a Kubernetes `Secret` and a working Storage Class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs a CloudFlare token in a Kubernetes `Secret` and a working StorageClass .
```

Author: I added it in my last commit

      secretKeyRef:
        name: yyy
        key: zzz
deployment:
  initContainers:
    - name: volume-permissions
      image: busybox:latest
      command: ["sh", "-c", "touch /data/acme.json; chmod -v 600 /data/acme.json"]
```

This example needs a CloudFlare token in a Kubernetes `Secret` and a working `StorageClass`.

> See [here](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/https/acme/#providers) for other providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the list of supported providers](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/https/acme/#providers) for others.
```
